'Ambient Insert' has four stages:
    First time one starts the script (pushes a button or steps on a switch) it puts selected track in 
'Overdub' mode so one can prepare the transition.
    Once ready, push the button second time - script then softly enters 'Insert' mode.
    When used third time, the script softly returns to 'Overdub' mode and stays there. 
This lets you to make a connection even more soft.
    Forth time one steps on the switch - track returns to 'Play" mode.
The script has a self-protection during transition phases (Overdub - Insert and Insert - Overdub) 
from accidentally starting script twice causing jumps in Feedback and Output levels.

'Ambient Replace' is in fact Overdub with feedback = 0. It works in a similar way as 'Ambient Insert'.
    First time - Overdub.
    Second time - feedback and output levels slowly go down to 0 - you are in (fake) 'Replace' mode.
    Third time - feedback and output levels slowly go up to 127. You are in Overdub mode.
    Fourth time - Play mode.
It also has that double-start protection.

'Ambient End' with one button push gives you a nice fading song end, then performs a Global Reset. 
    Second push anytime performs a Global Reset right away.

'Ambient Mute', when first used slowly lowers output level down to 0 and then goes into Mute mode. 
Double-click (or press) mutes a track right away (waiting time 300 msecs). 
    When used a second time, the script goes to Play mode and slowly rises output level up to 127. 
Doublepress unmutes a track immediately.

'Ambient Pause' when first used drops the rate down to -48 and then stops the track. 
    Second time it used, the track starts to play and the rate goes back to normal. 
'Double-click' stops and starts the track right away.

'Ambient Clear', 'Ambient Reset', 'Ambient General Reset' and 'Ambient End' are variations on the same theme. 
When started, scripts bring output level (levels in case of 'End') down to 0 and then do what they are supposed to. 
'Double-click' makes them do it right away. 'Clear' clears the track and goes to Overdub mode, Reset and 
General Reset are what they are. 
I use 'Ambient End' to end a composition. It really slowly brings down output levels of all tracks and 
then performs Global Reset.

Enjoy!
Max
